techniques vary based on domain
gene expresion analysis - correlation based distance
filter vs wrapped
                  diff between supervised & unsupervised:
In supervised learning, it is easy to define what relevant feature means. It simply refers to the feature that is capable of distinguishing different classes. For example, a feature fi is said to be relevant to a class cj if fi and cj are highly correlated.
                        
                        why??
                        
why clustering> -- manual labelling is expensive.- image segmentation, information retrieval, pattern recognition, pattern classification, network analysis etc.

                            purpose
It can be seen as either an exploratory task or preprocessing step. If the
goal is to explore and reveal the hidden patterns in the data, clustering becomes a standalone exploratory task by itself. However, if the generated clusters are going to be used to facilitate another data mining or machine learning task, clustering will be a preprocessing step in this case.
                          why fselection
why feature selection in clustering? How diff is it from supervised learning.How do you prove FSelection improves clustering accuracy.

                         pattern detection
Different subset of relevant features show diff clustering(patterns) thus helps to discover hidden patterns.                 
                            filter vs wrapper vs hybrid
Similar to feature selection for supervised learning, methods of feature selection for
clustering are categorized into filter [15] wrapper [55], and hybrid models [19]. A wrapper
model evaluates the candidate feature subsets by the quality of clustering while filter model
is independent of clustering algorithm. Thus, the filter model is still preferable in terms of
computational time and unbiased toward any clustering method, while the wrapper model
produces better clustering if we know the clustering method in advance. To alleviate the
computational cost in the wrapper model, filtering criteria are utilized to select the candidate feature subsets in the hybrid model.
                                filter
examples of filter model criteria used in feature selection for clustering
include: feature dependency [62], entropy-based distance [15], and laplacian score [26, 80].
                                wrapper
Different wrapper feature selection methods for clustering
were proposed by changing the combination of search strategy and the utilized clustering
algorithm. The method proposed in [18] is an example of a wrapper that involves maximum
likelihood criteria and feature selection and mixture of Gaussians as clustering method.
Others use conventional clustering methods such as k-means and any search strategy as
feature selector [32].                                

                            